that had a smell how smelling it right
now behind me is aing happen last night
and a displacement spot in area around
me are ts where people are still inside
these ts because they were told that
they are in a safe area last night this
bing by  five to six rockets as people
told me resulted in the killing of 40 to
50 people the bing is all over
[Music]
You
Rafah
[Music] Are
you playing with bread?
Oh, you want to get rid of it. No, why do we have
money for 600 for 500?  This time, how much are you bleeding? The
hardest thing about displacement is that you have money to
see where you will
go because he said, “I won’t leave him, and
the beatings will continue.” But there is someone who has children and a
family who takes care of them. How do I protect them?
[Music]
spending time
enti waiting
back  Make subscribe to the latest from
Aljazera